OSDOCS#18988: Updating the storage index.adoc navigation file (#108999)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dynamic-provisioning.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="dynamic-provisioning-overview_{context}"]
= Dynamic Provisioning

[role="_abstract"]

> Dynamic Provisioning allows you to create storage volumes on-demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to pre-provision storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Dynamic Provisioning, you can create storage volumes on-demand, eliminating the need for cluster administrators to pre-provision storage.
```
This is definitely a nit, but avoid anthropomorphic language where possible.
